The video of Edmund McMillen talking about his games he was a part of was very cool. I had seen a lot of Meat Boy and Isaac from things online and my friends playing them. I also was very surprised he made games on NewGrounds which is a name I have not heard since I was like 12. I used to play a lot of flash games when I was a kid and my friend Michael and I would play on NewGrounds all the time. Edmund’s games are sort of simple compared to the large game genre these days but his character design as well as his levels, and stories make his games feel a lot more than they are. He brought a lot of personal events and emotions into his gamedesign. He also mentioned the Indie game boom and the movie that was made, as an Xbox gamer at like 13 years old the Indie game boom was wild to be a part of as a player. Everyone was playing whatever Indie was popular that week. At the time I of course did not understand what it really meant, but I think looking back now it opened the door for so many people and companies to make successful games. It reminds me of the Early Access boom on steam where these lesser funded people and developers release an early playable version of their game then use the funds from people buying it to hopefully finish it. However this has been a large problem recently with games not being finished and people abusing the system to make money without giving their customers a game worth buying. The story of Tetris was all new to me, of course I have played and know of tetris who hasn’t. I did not know it was Russian made, Soviet Russian rather. Hearing and learning of the wild story was interesting. It is hard to put in perspective of the story because of how different the world is. It was funny hearing how anyone who played it got addicted to it, makes me wonder what that would look like today, maybe TikTok or that one Pokemon Go boom. Hearing how much time and energy went into trying to sell the rights and spread the game because of the Soviets really was eye opening. The game development scene in the late 80’s kind of seems more interesting than it is now. These days you can download steam and look through around 100,000 games. Many people like me have become very burnt out and numb to games the last few years. Part of it is the problem that there are so many games you kind of have an idea that there is the perfect game to play waiting to be found. In reality you might be perfectly happy playing a game like Tetris or Super Meat Boy. I think being an independent game developer now would be very difficult. In my experience in this class and others, getting the resources to make a game at the most basic level is easy. In  Unity, and Unreal it is quite hard to create outside of the basics. I have a very creative mind, I can imagine what I want and how I want things, sadly the limitations hold me back from creating what I am imagining. This is true for many other aspects but when creating a game it does suck. I think it is very hard and time consuming and risky to be an independent game developer in this day and age. My game is not ready for a trailer but my ideas for it are either an action style trailer showing off the movement and grappling hook system as well as the gunplay and action shots of the environment and enemies, but that seems kind of typical and honestly boring. I want to have a trailer that makes you want to see more for yourself, I am thinking more of a cutscene trailer than a gameplay trailer. Telling the story of the game and showing the moments just before the contagion outbreak and leading up to it but now spoiling any of the story or the game. I also have included some concept art of the environment and story as well as pictures of the levels so far in the HW4 folder on github.