I Intro
 - The names of all group members are written, and which option has been selected is identified and communicated.
II Game Design
 - The game’s core mechanic(s) are written out clearly, using verbs.
 - There is a diagram of the core gameplay loop, with no more than 5 stages to the loop.
 - The player’s abilities and movement metrics are described.
 - The role and function of other relevant game design elements, such as items, are communicated.
 - If a ruleset has been adopted from an existing game, that title is mentioned.
III Level Design Goals
 - There are at least three goals identified for each level, for a total of 9 goals, that make contextual sense.
 - The “when” and “where” for each level is described, as well as the unique character of each level.
IV Camera
 - A camera system has been chosen, and a rationale has been provided.
V Gameplay Narrative
 - Each level has been given a storyboard or a 1-2 paragraph gameplay narrative summary to describe the experience for players
VI Aesthetics
 - The visual, aural, and spatial mood of each level has been communicated with at least one image and audio sample.
 - A 2-3 sentence description of how the player is supposed to feel has been written for each level.
VII Spelling, Grammar, and Formatting
 - The project proposal is relatively free of spelling and grammar errors. Headings have been used for each section.

Report: \part{}, \chapter{}, \section{}, \subsection{}, \subsubsection{}, \paragraph{}, \subparagraph{}.

1. Decide whether you would like to work alone or in a group.
 Alone
2. Decide whether you are going to create a playable prototype / whitebox or paper prototyping for your ludic sketch.
 Whitebox
3. Select or create a ruleset — build out your game design.
 Pistol, damage on enemies, similar to halo
 Grappling hook, air tension, similar to apex legends
 Antibody gun or flamethrower, similar to team fortress 2
4. Determine your level design goals for each of your three levels.
 Level 1
  Establish world
  Familiarize player
  Build tension
 Level 2
  Leverage tension and attention to up the ante
  Immerse player in swinging/navigation mechanic
  Build player's anticipation of next level (the weapon drop)
 Level 3
  Unleash player/enter "Frenzy" with powerful weapon
  Get player back to boss
  Transform expansive feeling to "enclosed" one
5. Determine your camera type, gameplay narrative, and aesthetics.
 First Person
 A citizen on a long city street is the only one that can help an outbreak
 Level 1, daylight bustling city aesthetic, slight corruption
 Level 2, enclosing, navigating the large city, urgent and intense
 Level 3, frenetic, dingy corruption and gloom within corrupted caverns
6. Submit!